Clarify how input validators report their results (#514)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2025-09.md

The input validator may output debug information on stdout and stderr.
This information may be displayed to the user upon invocation of the validator.

### Reporting Validation Results

The input validator can accept a test case as valid, reject a test case, or fail to operate properly. Although validation fails in both of the latter cases, they should be clearly distinguished in any diagnostics reported to the user.

> The Checktestdata and VIVA APIs define their mechanisms for reporting validation results. Input validator programs report a result via exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input validator programs report whether a test case is accepted or rejected via their exit code.
Exactly how VIVA and Checktestdata report results is outside the scope of this specification. 
```
